>>> YOU REMEMBER THE TRADE
>>> YOU REMEMBER THE TRADE DEFICIT.
DEFICIT. >> TODAY OUR MANUFACTURING TRADE
>> TODAY OUR MANUFACTURING TRADE DEFICIT WITH THE WORLD IS NEARLY
DEFICIT WITH THE WORLD IS NEARLY $800 BILLION.
$800 BILLION. $800 BILLION.
$800 BILLION. AND GOING UP.
AND GOING UP. GOING UP FAST.
GOING UP FAST. UNLESS I BECOME PRESIDENT.
UNLESS I BECOME PRESIDENT. YOU WILL SEE IT DROP LIKE YOU’VE
YOU WILL SEE IT DROP LIKE YOU’VE NEVER SEEN BEFORE.
NEVER SEEN BEFORE. YOU HAVE NEVER SEEN BEFORE.
YOU HAVE NEVER SEEN BEFORE. >> THAT WAS PRESIDENTIAL
>> THAT WAS PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE DONALD TRUMP.
CANDIDATE DONALD TRUMP. AND TODAY PRESIDENT TRUMP’S
AND TODAY PRESIDENT TRUMP’S ADMINISTRATION ANNOUNCED
ADMINISTRATION ANNOUNCED AMERICA’S HIGHEST TRADE DEFICIT
AMERICA’S HIGHEST TRADE DEFICIT IN HISTORY.
IN HISTORY. THE POLICY OF DONALD TRUMP
THE POLICY OF DONALD TRUMP MANAGED TO DELIVER A MERCHANDISE
MANAGED TO DELIVER A MERCHANDISE TRADE DEFICIT OF $891.2 BILLION.
TRADE DEFICIT OF $891.2 BILLION. AND BECAUSE DONALD TRUMP
AND BECAUSE DONALD TRUMP UNDERSTANDS ABSOLUTELY NOTHING
UNDERSTANDS ABSOLUTELY NOTHING ABOUT INTERNATIONAL TRADE,
ABOUT INTERNATIONAL TRADE, NOTHING THE PRESIDENT HAS DONE
NOTHING THE PRESIDENT HAS DONE HAS WORKED THE WAY HE WANTS IT
HAS WORKED THE WAY HE WANTS IT TO.
TO. FOR EXAMPLE, PRESIDENT TRUMP
FOR EXAMPLE, PRESIDENT TRUMP ILLEGALLY USED A NATIONAL
ILLEGALLY USED A NATIONAL SECURITY LOOPHOLE IN TRADE LAW
SECURITY LOOPHOLE IN TRADE LAW TO UNILATERALLY IMPOSE TARIFFS
TO UNILATERALLY IMPOSE TARIFFS ON CHINA.
ON CHINA. BUT TARIFFS ON CHINESE-MADE
BUT TARIFFS ON CHINESE-MADE SOLAR PANELS, FOR EXAMPLE, HAVE
SOLAR PANELS, FOR EXAMPLE, HAVE IN FACT NOTHING TO DO WITH
IN FACT NOTHING TO DO WITH NATIONAL SECURITY.
NATIONAL SECURITY. AND WHAT HAPPENED?
AND WHAT HAPPENED? AFTER PRESIDENT TRUMP USED
AFTER PRESIDENT TRUMP USED TARIFFS TO TRY TO REDUCE THE
TARIFFS TO TRY TO REDUCE THE AMOUNT OF MERCHANDISE, CHINA
AMOUNT OF MERCHANDISE, CHINA SELLS TO THE UNITED STATES,
SELLS TO THE UNITED STATES, CHINA ENDED UP SELLING MORE
CHINA ENDED UP SELLING MORE MERCHANDISE TO THE UNITED
MERCHANDISE TO THE UNITED STATES.
STATES. AND THE UNITED STATES ENDED UP
AND THE UNITED STATES ENDED UP SELLING LESS TO CHINA.
SELLING LESS TO CHINA. AND NOW THE TRADE DEFICIT WITH
AND NOW THE TRADE DEFICIT WITH CHINA ALONE HAS HIT A NEW RECORD
CHINA ALONE HAS HIT A NEW RECORD HIGH OF $419 BILLION.
HIGH OF $419 BILLION. AND WHAT DOES PRESIDENT TRUMP
AND WHAT DOES PRESIDENT TRUMP HAVE TO SAY NOW THAT HE HAS
HAVE TO SAY NOW THAT HE HAS COMPLETELY FAILED IN HIS PROMISE
COMPLETELY FAILED IN HIS PROMISE TO REDUCE THE TRADE DEFICIT AND
TO REDUCE THE TRADE DEFICIT AND THE TRADE DEFICIT HAS ACTUALLY
THE TRADE DEFICIT HAS ACTUALLY GONE UP DRAMATICALLY TO NEW
GONE UP DRAMATICALLY TO NEW RECORD HIGHS?
RECORD HIGHS? >> THANKS TO OUR POWERFUL TRADE
>> THANKS TO OUR POWERFUL TRADE POLICIES, THE TRADE DEFICIT IS
POLICIES, THE TRADE DEFICIT IS FALLING AND FALLING AND FALLING.
FALLING AND FALLING AND FALLING. >> WELL, YOU DIDN’T EXPECT HIM
>> WELL, YOU DIDN’T EXPECT HIM TO TELL THE TRUTH ABOUT IT, DID
TO TELL THE TRUTH ABOUT IT, DID YOU?
YOU? NOW THAT DONALD TRUMP HAS
NOW THAT DONALD TRUMP HAS COMPLETELY FAILED TO DO WHAT HE
COMPLETELY FAILED TO DO WHAT HE SAID HE WOULD DO WITH THE TRADE
SAID HE WOULD DO WITH THE TRADE DEFICIT, IN THE PRESIDENTIAL
DEFICIT, IN THE PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN THE ONLY TIME YOU WILL
CAMPAIGN THE ONLY TIME YOU WILL HEARD DONALD TRUMP TALK ABOUT
HEARD DONALD TRUMP TALK ABOUT THE TRADE DEFICIT IS WHEN
THE TRADE DEFICIT IS WHEN DEMOCRATS RUN NEGATIVE ADS
DEMOCRATS RUN NEGATIVE ADS AGAINST DONALD TRUMP WHERE THEY
AGAINST DONALD TRUMP WHERE THEY LET DONALD TRUMP DO THE TALKING.
LET DONALD TRUMP DO THE TALKING. >> $800 BILLION.
>> $800 BILLION. AND GOING UP.
AND GOING UP. GOING UP FAST.
GOING UP FAST. UNLESS I BECOME PRESIDENT.
UNLESS I BECOME PRESIDENT. YOU WILL SEE IT DROP LIKE YOU’VE
YOU WILL SEE IT DROP LIKE YOU’VE NEVER SEEN BEFORE.
NEVER SEEN BEFORE. YOU WILL NEVER SEE BEFORE.
YOU WILL NEVER SEE BEFORE. >> DONALD TRUMP, THE GREATEST